install tutorial discord bot

this a bot that generate art from text whit the apis from https://modelslab.com

step-by-step tutorial:


1. Install Anaconda:
If you don't have Anaconda installed, download and install it from the official website: Anaconda Downloads

2. Open Anaconda Navigator:
After installation, open Anaconda Navigator, a graphical user interface for managing your conda environments and packages.

3. Create a new environment:
Click on the "Environments" tab in Anaconda Navigator and create a new environment. Name it whatever you prefer, for example, "discord-bot-tutorial". Choose your Python version (recommend Python 3.7 or above).

4. Open a terminal in the new environment:
Navigate to the "Home" tab in Anaconda Navigator, select your newly created environment, and click on "Open Terminal."

5. Install necessary dependencies:
In the terminal, use the following commands to install the required packages:

bash
Copy code
conda install -c anaconda discord.py
conda install -c conda-forge pillow
conda install -c conda-forge requests
6. Create a new Python file:
Using a text editor or an integrated development environment (IDE) like VSCode or Jupyter Notebook, create a new Python file, for example, discord_bot.py.

7. Copy and paste your Discord bot code:
Copy and paste the provided Discord bot code into your discord_bot.py file.

8. Replace TOKEN and API_KEY:
Replace the TOKEN .take discord bot token 

API_KEY from https://modelslab.com create an account

9. Save the file:
Save your discord_bot.py file.

10. Run the bot:
In the terminal, navigate to the directory where your discord_bot.py file is located and run the bot using the following command:

bash
Copy code
python discord_bot.py

11. Invite the bot to your Discord server:

Create a new Discord bot on the Discord Developer Portal, copy the bot token, and invite the bot to your server.

12. Give Bot permissions

Read Messages (READ_MESSAGES):

Required for the bot to read messages in text channels.
Send Messages (SEND_MESSAGES):

Needed for the bot to send messages in text channels.
Read Message History (READ_MESSAGE_HISTORY):

Required to read the message history, allowing the bot to respond to old messages.
Add Reactions (ADD_REACTIONS):

Necessary if you want the bot to react to messages, such as adding the "🔄" reaction in your code.
Attach Files (ATTACH_FILES):

Required for sending images or files.
Embed Links (EMBED_LINKS):

Needed for the bot to send embedded messages, which might be used to display images.
Use External Emojis (USE_EXTERNAL_EMOJIS):

Required if your bot uses external emojis in messages or reactions.
Read Message Content (READ_MESSAGE_CONTENT):

Needed for your bot to access the content of messages. This permission is necessary for the /mid command in your code.

13. Test the bot:
In your Discord server, use the /mid command with a prompt to generate images and test your bot.
 
 Bot still have bugs but works whitout problem

 want to check old work generated from the bot on the discord channel join here
 https://discord.gg/RRJfRkk6